[{"abstract":"Speculating on the unlikely possibility of four separate winners in the four early states.","lead_paragraph":"First, it was the fears of a contested convention. Then came the fretting about the strength of the field. ","news_desk":"First, it was the fears of a contested convention. Then came the fretting about the strength of the field. ","section_name":"U.S.","subsection_name":"Politics"},{"abstract":"Four white front-runners, three of them 70 or older. What is this primary telling us?","lead_paragraph":"Kamala Harris folded her tent, and on that patch of ground, many flimsy theories bloomed. ","news_desk":"Kamala Harris folded her tent, and on that patch of ground, many flimsy theories bloomed. ","section_name":"Opinion","subsection_name":"Sunday Review"},{"abstract":"Rob Sand figured out how to win statewide office as a Democrat in Iowa, and now the presidential contenders are seeking his counsel — that is, when he isn’t deer hunting with bow and arrow.","lead_paragraph":"CARROLL, Iowa — When I asked Rob Sand, the Iowa state auditor, if he could recommend fascinating Iowans to profile, he suggested himself. Then he suggested we go deer hunting.","news_desk":"CARROLL, Iowa — When I asked Rob Sand, the Iowa state auditor, if he could recommend fascinating Iowans to profile, he suggested himself. Then he suggested we go deer hunting.","section_name":"U.S.","subsection_name":"Politics"},{"abstract":"The president has made a trade agreement that caters to his opposition — and that’s why it stands a chance of passing Congress.","lead_paragraph":"WASHINGTON — House Democrats return to Washington on Monday facing a difficult choice: Should they hand President Trump a victory in the midst of a heated impeachment battle or walk away from one of the most progressive trade pacts ever negotiated by either party?","news_desk":"WASHINGTON — House Democrats return to Washington on Monday facing a difficult choice: Should they hand President Trump a victory in the midst of a heated impeachment battle or walk away from one of the most progressive trade pacts ever negotiated by either party?","section_name":"U.S.","subsection_name":"Politics"},{"abstract":"A member of the House Intelligence Committee, Mr. Heck said in a blog post that the impeachment hearings had left him “weary.”","lead_paragraph":"Representative Denny Heck, Democrat of Washington, said on Wednesday that he would not run for re-election in November in part because the impeachment hearings, in which he has participated as a member of the House Intelligence Committee, had left him “weary.”","news_desk":"Representative Denny Heck, Democrat of Washington, said on Wednesday that he would not run for re-election in November in part because the impeachment hearings, in which he has participated as a member of the House Intelligence Committee, had left him “weary.”","section_name":"U.S."},{"abstract":"Starting with Nancy Pelosi, many party leaders have failed to make labor enough of a priority, which hurts their coalition.","lead_paragraph":"Organized labor is the lifeblood of liberal politics in the United States. Unions backed Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal reforms, gave critical support to the fight for the Great Society and powered Democratic political victories throughout the 20th century. Even now, the Democratic Party is generally strongest in states where organized labor has the most influence.","news_desk":"Organized labor is the lifeblood of liberal politics in the United States. Unions backed Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal reforms, gave critical support to the fight for the Great Society and powered Democratic political victories throughout the 20th century. Even now, the Democratic Party is generally strongest in states where organized labor has the most influence.","section_name":"Opinion"},{"abstract":"Led by Elizabeth Warren, presidential candidates and liberal economists are pushing an unorthodox “pro-growth” argument for raising taxes on the rich.","lead_paragraph":"WASHINGTON — Elizabeth Warren is leading a liberal rebellion against a long-held economic view that large tax increases slow economic growth, trying to upend Democratic policymaking in the way supply-side conservatives changed Republican orthodoxy four decades ago. ","news_desk":"WASHINGTON — Elizabeth Warren is leading a liberal rebellion against a long-held economic view that large tax increases slow economic growth, trying to upend Democratic policymaking in the way supply-side conservatives changed Republican orthodoxy four decades ago. ","section_name":"Business Day"},{"abstract":"From Russia to Ukraine, the House needs to show the president’s pattern of corruption.","lead_paragraph":"At Wednesday’s Judiciary Committee hearing on impeachment, the witness called by Republicans, the George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley, gave a disingenuous, hackish performance. ","news_desk":"At Wednesday’s Judiciary Committee hearing on impeachment, the witness called by Republicans, the George Washington University law professor Jonathan Turley, gave a disingenuous, hackish performance. ","section_name":"Opinion"},{"abstract":"The 2020 Democratic field was historically diverse. But the next debate won’t look like it.","lead_paragraph":"We’ve talked a lot in this newsletter about the historic diversity of the Democratic primary campaign. At its peak, the field boasted six women, two black senators, a Latino former cabinet secretary, an American Samoan member of Congress and an Asian-American businessman.","news_desk":"We’ve talked a lot in this newsletter about the historic diversity of the Democratic primary campaign. At its peak, the field boasted six women, two black senators, a Latino former cabinet secretary, an American Samoan member of Congress and an Asian-American businessman.","section_name":"U.S.","subsection_name":"Politics"},{"abstract":"At the House Judiciary Committee hearing, Democrats stuck to repeating the facts of their case as Republicans denounced impeachment as a misguided partisan process.","lead_paragraph":"Democrats and Republicans who squared off at Monday’s impeachment hearing in the House Judiciary Committee had one remarkable point of agreement: Both said that there are four key facts at the heart of the debate about whether President Trump should be impeached by the House and removed from office. ","news_desk":"Democrats and Republicans who squared off at Monday’s impeachment hearing in the House Judiciary Committee had one remarkable point of agreement: Both said that there are four key facts at the heart of the debate about whether President Trump should be impeached by the House and removed from office. ","section_name":"U.S.","subsection_name":"Politics"}]